Same thing as we started this meditation of the visualization, one is called the Satchinas Samadha,
or in the teaching here translate, "Dakness", "Dakness", "Dakness" is Nature.
This is Absolute Mother Iximshoja, or Pandya Paramata, the Dzogchen status. That is, without any
discrimination,
without any grasping, without any subtle object activity, you abiding in the Nature as it is.
This is not just a way of making up this again, just a little old way of not making up.
Everything is teaching of the Natures, with the Nature. For that reason, Buddha teaching is
teaching of the Nature.
Teaching of the Way turns out, nothing went up, up, up above the Nature, nothing went below Nature.
Simple, very plain Nature, simple Nature. Nature is never changed. Nature is always there.
As you have the realization of the Satchinas Samadhi, as you understand that, we should keep up
that realization
throughout the teaching, not just at the very beginning, not at the very end, but keep all the time
that we,
as much as we can. That is known as we are standing up, feeling the pillar of the unshakeable will.
That is that. This is Dharmakaya in the Buddha's teaching, according to the realization level.
This is Dharmakaya in the realization level. When you achieve the realization, it is Dharmakaya.
When we are talking about the basic ground, this is the ground. This is the foundation.
And that's what in the Buddha teaching, in the teaching always, in the Tibetan terminology.
This is the basic foundation, where everything starts. Everything begins.
That, not just that only starting point, and then it's kind of finished.
That nature carries and pervades you everywhere. It's not, we are not out of that.
Whether we rely on that or not rely on that, nature is always here.
We are part of that, because that we are here. It's not something that we are looking and we are
drools.
True, we are part of that. We have to bring that realization.
We must be big. We should not be limited in a narrow corner.
Is it vast? As a sky, sky is open, isn't it?
Sky is not just only up here. Sky is everywhere. Everywhere, everywhere.
There is nothing one single atom, atom or the molecules that which is not pervade by the space.
That's what the Buddha teaching. There is nothing else not pervade by the great emptiness.
This is nature. Nature we are going to discuss.
And whether we recognize, whether we don't recognize, doesn't matter.
This is not recognize, recognize that you want it.
That is called the darkness of ignorance. It's blocking our direction and clarity, vision and goal.
And that is continually blocking that. We become narrow, narrow, narrow.
Smaller, smaller, how honestly we become so narrow, only so narrow.
Looking through the holes of the eye, the needles in a way.
Looking through the holes of the eye, through the eye of the needles.
That's how our views become so narrow, because duality is created by one's own self.
So the first level is this unchecked view, this foundation.
And from there, the second view, the nail, second tongue nail or nail or the pillar.
I translated those few words, but it suits that and is then the great meditation on the deities.
Deities, in this case, from that great emptiness, from that great nature,
magically arise it. The deity or the Buddha, this case, Buddha is Yixinzodia, total enlightened
beings.
And what is Yixinzodia? It's love, I said so many times, you know.
It's true love and true compassion, true wisdom and true great blissfulness beyond attachment and
grasping.
That is what Yixinzodia is. And that Yixinzodia is never separated from that nature, the first
nature.
That is what. Therefore, her body is translucent status. Her body is rainbow bodice.
Her body is reflection moon in the water. Her body is reflection emit in the mirrors.
That is what it is. This is, this is nature, every nature is in that status.
But this is what we realize, what we do. Through this window, we are going to open whole these
translucent status.
Every form, everything what we see, ten different things is magical, is translucent, rainbow,
reflection in the moon water and mirror images.
That's the, everything is in that status. To discover that, particularly this time we didn't
discover because again,
I'm going back, same thing as Buddha said, is duality. Our grasping made that structural, conquered
soul, structures.
Otherwise, everything is in that status. To discover that nature, through the skill and attack in
the power of the Vedayana teaching,
we began to see ourselves as translucent status, as rainbow bodice, as with the blessings of Yixinz
odia.
We began to see. When we began to see truly ourselves as translucent status, then gradually that
power was to help shine to all these objects.
All these things then began to see as translucent rainbow bodice status.
When we see this rainbow bodice status, it's not just a rainbow, but it's absolutely the body of
the loving kindness as I said.
The body of compassion, the body of verstance. Love and compassion and verstance are also known as
organality, blended in the great blessings.
This is happy practice. This is joy practice. This is great blessings practice.
It's not just a practice where you bring some unnatural things, but nature is in that blessings
status.
Nature is in the happy, in the humble, in the peaceful status.
That we are invoking. We bring up that. We highlight that.
It's been hiding so long by the underneath of the dualities, underneath of the ignorance, all the
negative emotions, anger, jealous, hated thought,
attractiveness and arrogance. It's hidden, hidden, hidden, hidden. Today we'll bring up that.
With the power of the teaching of the Buddha and the Guru and the Maasambhava,
skillfully, powerful, forcefully, we shine with those old things. With its own natural states,
instead, bring up that true, splendid gauntlet of the beauty of the nature,
the love, compassion, wisdom, great blessings.
So therefore, this body of the Yishinsorya is a blissfulness force. The body of the Yishinsorya is
love, compassion, wisdom.
Bring that relaxation, that gauntlet, and then have all those full detailed visualizations as the
teaching explains.
All those. Each of those, when we visualize and bring up that realization, what it does in the
temporary level,
it brings our mind more, more orderly. Our personal mind is so jumpy, so irregularities.
It's devastating the one, even one moment. It's jumping everywhere. So irregularities.
And for that reason, the great master Garabdharthi said, one of his teachings,
certain beings, mind, or duality beings, mind is like so many pieces, so many pieces. It's just
scattered so much that there is no order.
And then, for those reasons, all those emotions arise one after another,
and then one of the most very kind of disturbances, then we forget it.
Because mind is so scattered, and darkness arises, darkness comes, because there is no continuing
awareness.
The wisdom is shining through that, duality interrupting one after another.
The scared mind, conserving thought, and then it forms as anxiety, worry, and all steps for one
after another.
That's because all started with the scared mind, and pieces of minds, broken minds.
When we visualize meditation, we are putting mind more thoroughly, more orderly, and more intellig
ently,
that brings the power and the strength of the wisdom, mindfulness, alertness, and consciousness.
All those good things will bring up. It is sharping up, sharping up.
In a way, we need a kitchen, what we do? We sharpen up our shoppers.
We sharpen up, sharpen up, glorify the beauties.
Therefore, it is performed meditation.
Even though we think that meditation is only stay in silence completely,
kind of block the intelligence, and block that, that we think is true.
It is meditation, that is. But that is not the way.
This throughout the Vaidyana teaching, we bring up all this, every beauty in the qualities without
blocking.
Use that as growth, and develop, and brighten up our beauty in the nature.
That is known as Vaidyana teaching. 'Sekalu' means, 'Sekalu' means practice.
So that, that can bring up that beauty, anxiety as it is.
Maintain that quality is then the second unchanging meditation or concentration on the deities.
Deities. All the, all Buddhas, the 18th century.
And the 18th century, it is full of love, full of confusion.
Youthful, smiling, radiating, blessfulness.
Yet, moment thing of here, it brings up as great confidence.
It uplifted us, and it shattered our old dark and hesitation.
Calm in peace and serenity, serenity.
So calm, so soothing, so appealing.
Because it's our nature. We're touching to the goal of our nature.
Nature, beauty.
It's not just only happy that it brings more that joy and peace.
Because the nature, as much as we explore the nature,
that much it will bring calm, peace, joy, and remove all those unnecessary, unhealthy emotions.
Really transcendent to that.
We become therefore, then, great heroes or the heroes.
And those are known as yogis and yogis.
That's what it really brings up, that realization.
So that is really the second nail,
the nail of the keeping up visualization.
All deities.
The third nail is that,
and concentrating on the mantras now.
Because at this time, particularly, we're going to activate our speech
into something beautiful voice.
The voice that will uplift ourselves,
voice that will give the soothing, the calming, the confident,
and support all the things.
And that is known as the voice of the Buddha.
So we're going to bring involved the voice of the enlightenment,
voice of the great beings.
That is the practice of the mantra.
Mantra is not just a mumbling only ourself something.
It's true. That is true.
But mantra is the open, whole beauty of the sound system that exists as sound.
And again, actually, as I said to you, and you all know, we all know,
the sound is actually so powerful.
The form is, we can see, is on tangible levels.
But sound is, is semi-poem and semi-poemless.
Sound is.
For that reason, sound goes deeper than the form.
Sound is, in a way, is break between visible and invisible.
It goes. And the sound is therefore, sound is break, break between our body and our mind.
Mind.
Because it's so connected to our mind.
Yet it's also connected to our physical.
This is generally every sound is like that.
External sound is true.
It's very much connected.
For that reason, in the Vedayana teaching, sound is so powerful.
Sound is so special.
And the sound is connected also with wind.
Wind is the part of the sound.
So therefore, this time, we are going to highlight and pause to purify this sound,
as I said, to the sound of the enlightenment, sound of the Buddha.
To begin that, that again.
Let's begin with us, not from outside, but living within ourselves.
And now, we're going to see the essence in the teaching mechanism here.
And what it is, part of the sound.
Sound in the center of the heart.
We visualize sun and moon looking.
In the middle of the moon, sun and moon looking.
This sun and moon are also rainbow.
And also, this sun and moon are great blissfulness.
And this sun and moon are the union of the skill movement and worship, as I said before.
That is what it is.
It's blissfulness.
Nature is blissfulness.
It's random.
It's worshipfulness.
And the middle of that block, as in the teaching, you see, the bomb syllables.
Bomb syllable is love.
Bomb syllable is compassion.
Bomb syllable is our consciousness, or our essence of the mind.
Bomb syllable is essence, therefore is essence of the wind energy, too.
It's essence.
It's for that reason, in the way the other teacher often said,
it is the organ of nature, the organ of un-drying nature, unending nature.
It's purely pure and divine.
It is enlightened.
This is the essence of our intelligence.
It's five verses, or the verses that are combined.
This bomb syllable is appeared as bomb syllables now.
Bomb.
And the bomb syllable, kara is, this time, as teaching said, white and red-edged kara.
This bomb syllable is circled by these mantras, mantras.
It's chondrokala-wise movement.
And it is moving as like rotating unendingly in self-residing.
And at the same time, it's moving as ripples, continuing.
Whereas the spirals, continuing moving, it is rainbow song, wisdom song, a period.
And then it went to everywhere, where it is also now with great light coming.
Light, those are the, as in the teaching said here, the emanating light,
and pervading all the stable and moving entities.
Everything is pervaded.
That means the energy and power of the mantra is pervaded to all this,
every phenomenal existence.
It's this, the color of this is light.
Only five different colors and multiple lights.
White, red, yellow, blue, green, and all combination lights.
That's imminent.
Everything becomes "S" in the next page.
That's it. Everything becomes as totally as it is,
that now really truly we begin to see that.
Everything, the whole homes are divine homes, or the Buddha homes.
All the sound systems are voice of the Buddhas.
And all the openness aspects are the totally great,
promote your wisdom status. That all are within the great blissful status.
Everything in that manner are exclusive and totally shimmering,
revering, and everything is sparking in that status.
And then you reside in these mantras.
So concentrate on that, that as your concentration,
maintain your mind and completely reside in these mantras.
This is basically known as the thumbnail or the pillar of the mantras,
or concentration of the mantras.
But now what you reside in the mantras here?
You reside in the mantras, again,
is this, I think, 14 syllables.
This is generally not created by the Buddha Shakyamuni,
nor is not created by the Gopin Masambhava
or the wisdom Dakini Shubham.
It is self-reflective, echoes of the wisdom
that's reflected from the bomb syllables.
It's self-reflective words.
Therefore, it is separate worlds.
As it arises in the Buddha's blessings,
the Gopin Masambhava's blessings are empowered,
and the Buddha's power is empowered.
And the Ikhim Swami is empowered,
His Holiness Dhanurumuni is empowered.
Therefore, it is separate syllables that are full of blessings.
Full of blessings, because it is a powerful world.
How they can be empowered?
Because the Buddha is totally enlightened.
The Gopin Masambhava is totally enlightened,
and the Ikhim Swami is so full.
Therefore, there, what the Buddha said,
is not blessed with the conceptions,
not blessed with the dualities,
not blessed by the emotions,
such as anger, jealous, heavy thoughts,
or residues of those, those, or habit dependence of those.
It's totally free, free, built from all those negative moods,
because they transcend everything to the ordinary state of the great Western states.
Within that status, pouring out power and abilities,
strength of love and compassion,
what comes to this world is already self-reflective song of the true nature.
Together with it is a blessing by such great enlightened beings.
And therefore, this is separate world, special world.
It's not just regular worlds.
It has power, it is blessed, blessed.
It is then ability to cleanse and purify all the obscurations,
negatives, as we child, as we recite the mantra.
The aside from the mantra is not just happening only
on the body of our mouth and our tongues,
but that energy of operation is going through all the system of the bodies.
According to the Buddha's teaching or the Vayayana teaching,
all the channels and all the chakras and all the wind,
the energies and all the essence element of the body
and our weight is completely saturated by that vowels
or completely sucked in that status.
Therefore, it has great vowels, healing, uplifting, cleansing, purification,
and discover our true and beauty as it is,
because this is so powerful, so spiritual.
And as we join this mantra, and again,
concentrating our mind with the balm syllables
and as well as these mantras.
Mantras are circling on this balm syllable,
this translucent status.
Balm is the translucent or the translucent or the rainbow body or rainbow.
And then all these mantras are also in that status.
It is in our heart center, in our heart center,
in the center of the heart chakras right there.
And the balm is standing up and then these mantras are,
garlanded mantras are moving counterclockwise.
Actually, his only Buddha who didn't see or in the teaching
didn't see counterclockwise way or clockwise way.
But mostly, female Buddha's teaching mentioned always,
it's counterclockwise.
So I think it's okay to visualize as counterclockwise way.
Because since he didn't met any kind of distinctions,
either way, it must be okay.
So what we do is counterclockwise way.
But each syllable is standing, each syllable is light.
Each syllable has the power of everything,
every syllables in a way.
Every syllables power who cares by that one syllables,
yet all combined token, not just separated,
all are light.
Standing up, everything is song of the wisdom,
song of the blessfulness, song of love,
song of the compare here or the syllable of love,
syllable of compare here, syllable of once,
wisdom, syllable of blessfulness.
They're light, they're active.
And full active status and active status.
And then as you join, mantra is moving forward.
And where is this mantra is moving forward?
As in the teaching, he said in the last line,
"Amening light."
Each of those syllables are emanating.
Five dollars and beams of all the multiple light
is emanating one after another.
It's ongoing, unending or unending.
Ending light and power and blessing
is continually engaging, moving,
post-beginning to our heart center
and then continually expanding to all our jakonas,
channels, and then wind.
And then continually moving,
that's sparking one after another as moving forward.
Then to have this external world and phenomena.
And as he said, it provided all the song systems.
It provided all the form systems of the phenomena.
It provided all the space systems of phenomena.
Everything is transformed into the craft, the provided.
Everything is transformed into the same flavor,
same gauntlet, same identity of these mantras.
Love, compassion, wisdom, and great blessfulness
really appear as form, song, and space.
That is why there is this total element.
And then continually decide these mantras.
When you decide these mantras,
as he said the other day too,
decide these mantras without any error,
and also in him favor in the teaching he said here too,
repeat these mantras without any errors.
Trying to keep up that.
Of course at the beginning of our meditation,
our concentration is not so stable.
Therefore we can make errors and mistakes.
But this is called practice.
We should keep adding joy for effort, joy, and trying to be correct.
Because that is known as practice makes perfect.
Practice will bring perfect mistakes.
It fulfills our goal.
We shouldn't think, oh I can't do this.
Oh it's too much. My concentration is not good.
And we use that excuses.
We are discolored ourself.
This is the form of laziness.
They are called the Buddha teaching.
Discolored is laziness.
We use that as scapegoats.
Using that excuse and then devaluing ourself deep down.
Deep down, that is not.
Everyone has the potential.
Everyone has capabilities as Buddha said.
Great his kindness teaches it.
We all have the Buddha nature.
We all have the same nature as Buddha has
and Guru P Vayma Mahas.
And of course we are finishing 25th.
What is lacking? Lacking our joy for effort.
Our courage, commitment.
That pulling out because you want it.
That pull out don't.
But otherwise we are saying what they did, why we know.
And Buddha opened widely.
What's called democratic system.
We can choose what we want.
It's not something that we rely somewhere else.
Sick, messy, messy.
We have the full cover bullet.
Full potential.
Let weight of our potential.
Let weight of our cover bullet.
Let weight of our hidden courage and commitment.
We should not use any excuses.
And then that is what.
Therefore with joy, with great appreciation.
We practice.
And in arrows of those, for example,
first arrows of the way when we join the mantras.
What did Buddha said in the teaching series?
He said not too fast. Not too slow.
Not too low. Not yet also too soft.
Just keep the same rhythms. Same rhythms.
Rhythms and not adding any syllables.
Not missing any syllables.
Or shortening any syllables.
Everything exactly the same as this is.
And then with love, with joy.
And then of course there is at least three different ways to recite the mantras.
And the first way to recite the mantras is of course you have to remember these mantras.
To do that.
So with that when you remember these mantras or memorize these mantras,
then there is three ways to recite the mantras.
And the fourth way is known as the interpretation of the mantras with this silence.
Very soft silence.
And the second, my interpretation of the mantras is the mental relaxation, repetitions.
And the third repetition is sugaring, what is called?
Whispering. Whispering. Whispering repetition mantras.
So there is three different ways.
Always the great master, everyone said, repeat the mantra with the almost whispered mantras.
That even the scholar always said the high tune or the frequency of our repetition,
that if the scholar is someone, the scholar can hear.
So that means it is very whispered mantra.
But whether you do, whatever this repetitive mantra you do,
same thing, not missing, not adding, extra, and not hard, not low,
keep the same, rather than that.
That is it.
We continue reciting this mantra.
Well, you recited this mantras and then occasionally,
bring more joy, more devotions, highlighted the spotlight
or highlight of the joy, joy in your devotees.
And occasionally, bring more love and kindness, compare it with all the living beings.
And occasionally, just relax that open state, the first meditation,
first the uncheckable will.
Relax this open, which I think this mantra freely without any thought and consumption.
And sometimes, concentrate on the image of the ego.
For example, when she has one face, two arms, two legs, smiling, joyfully face,
and concentrating on that as a translucent state.
Or what's the rainbow body's face?
If those style and reciting mantra is then concentrated.
Concentrated on the mantras.
Mantra or the nail, thumbnail of the reciting mantras
or the pillar of the concentrate of the mantras.
Once you did this first nail, second nail,
and thumbnail, thumbnail, then the fourth nail that you can apply.
Those are known as the emanating and gathering, gatherings.
Generally, this is again highlighted, emphasizing of the particular activity
that you are performing during your repetitions.
And actually, what is this activity?
It is activity of the Buddhas.
Buddha, when you read enlightenment, what is to do?
It's benefiting to all the living beings.
Remove their obstacles, diseases, sicknesses, and purple their wishes.
Bring out everything into this enlightened state, calm and peace and joy.
And a soothing status. That is what the activity is.
So, in this case, you are going to meditate.
Meditate. Meditating, that activity is happening.
That activity is happening.
In order to do this, then, from the heart center,
again, these bomb syllables, syllables, these mantras, emanating larger lights.
Larger lights, and we have particularly designated for the targeted beings,
and that light went to those beings.
And whatever their suffering, difficulties, immediately removed,
accidentally, as when sunlight comes, that moment, darkness go on.
Similarly, that powerful light came, the healing light came,
and immediately removed all that difficulty, troubles, sufferings.
And then, same time, fulfill all the wishes, whatever,
in the context of both each other.
Fulfilling the wishes of every living being to help to other beings.
To fulfill their goal in the context of happy, joy.
Not fulfilling the wishes of to harm something, or to disturb something,
but benefit, bring everything to the happy, peace, joy.
That is the fault of them.
So that all activities are known as the emanating,
the beneficial activity that emanated for all beings.
And then, as well as this following line,
has said the repetition of the activities in this next bit.
Try to react, I will do that later to you, later to you.
But this, that also happens.
All these four activities, by this, fulfilling all harm.
Even though you're not really applying this mantra, this practice immediately,
but it's happening.
Fulfilling all the activities as these four different activities,
all multiple different activities, the beneficial activities,
are really immediately achieving to every living being.
And then, as well as also, it's not just others, but also ours.
It is removing all our obstacles, hindrance, difficult troubles,
emotional problems, whatever we are facing,
instantly removed, totally healed, cleaned, or physically troubled,
mentally troubled, emotionally troubled, psychological troubled,
all other things are faced, instantly removed, and put a fight, completely damaged.
And then, same time, that gathering, all that light went when it went,
and finally is returned back to you.
So it is continuing ongoing activities.
That's going out, and emanate, bring back that light, in a way.
And when it comes back that light, and it changes it, that moment,
even your power of the verse of the Dakini hymn soya,
already in the power of state, but it kind of glorified again,
most explained, yet another, we can have great confidence,
that we prefer to go, we are in that state as come.
It's both great, again re-energized of the realization and practices.
So those are what is known as then, these fourth nails.
So during this meditation of the repetitive mantra,
we can think those as occasionally changing the visualization,
changing the concentrate, and highlight those one after another.
That is known as repeating, reciting the mantas.
So there is four different sometimes, highlight of the first one,
then the second one, third one, fourth one, or whatever,
not exactly that, or one after another, but highlight that.
And try to keep our mind among these four,
during the repetitive mantra, that is known as then the correct meditation,
the perfect meditation, and authentic meditation,
because our mind didn't go out too much, our range of our practices.
It remains in the state of the same practices,
and it's beautiful concentration, beautiful meditation,
and then structurally we are also, in a way, in a very surface level,
we are timing the mind, we are timing, we are displaying the mind.
So that is really of this first part of the mantra.